A small variety of changes (#2)
Gaiwecoor/icarus5: modules/README.md

Each file or folder(?) in here is dedicated to a module of Icarus. 

> Each module can contain multiple command, event, clockwork, init, and unload registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module can contain multiple commands, and register event handlers, a clockwork function, init function, and unload function.
```
